I'm a full-stack developer with strong background in front-end as well as back-end technologies. I
have delivered multiple industrial projects that need creative solutions. Skilled in designing and
implementing scalable, secure, and efficient web applications. I like helping companies grow by
coming up with smart ways to improve their software. I've achieved success in previous projects,
and I'm passionate about continuing to learn and make a positive impact in the field of software
development.
Tata Consultancy Services
Developer  
Developed the  "Suyo" demand management application using Angular, ensuring a seamless user
experience for various user roles including managers and administrators which saved 750 labour
hours per year and reduced the approval time from 2 days to 1 day on average.
Collaborated closely with the backend team to integrate frontend components with the Spring
Boot backend, enabling smooth data flow and real-time updates throughout the application.
Front-end:    AngularJS, ReactJS, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap
Back-end:     NodeJS, ExpressJS, Redux
Database:     MySQL, PostgreSQL
Languages:  Javascript, Typescript, Python, Java
Cloud:           AWS
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
+91-7720907190 · yashdive190@gmail.com
Pune, Maharashtra, 411057
Yash Dive
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Developed the  "Suyo" demand management application using Angular, ensuring a seamless user experience for various user roles including managers and administrators which saved 750 labour hours per year and reduced the approval time from 2 days to 1 day on average.
Collaborated closely with the backend team to integrate frontend components with the Spring Boot backend, enabling smooth data flow and real-time updates throughout the application.
Designed and implemented responsive UI components utilising Bootstrap, ensuring optimal user experience across different devices and screen sizes.
Led the creation of interactive pages and UI flows for demand creation and approval processes, enhancing user engagement and efficiency thereby increasing the user satisfaction by 70% to 90% and reduced the manual errors by 90%. 
Resolved complex challenges and optimized solutions for critical functionalities, ensuring high performance and scalability of the application.
Contributed to the continuous improvement of development processes, including code reviews, testing, and documentation, to maintain high standards of quality and efficiency in project delivery.
R.B.N.B College, Shrirampur
05/2018
Primary School · 92 %
St. Xavier's High School, Shrirampur
06/2016
CERTIFICATIONS 
SQL for data science
Machine learning with AI using python,
Quantum Learning.
Pyton for data science and machine learning
bootcamp, udemy.
LANGUAGES  
English
SQL for data sciencei
Machine learning with AI using python, Quantum Learning.
Pyton for data science and machine learning bootcamp, udemy.
INTERPERSONAL SKILLS
Good communication
Team working skill
Flexible 
Front-end:    AngularJS, ReactJS, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap
English
Hindi
Marathi
Declaration: The information stated above is true the best of my knowledge and belief.

